Add explicit example for RAG chat templating (#33503)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/chat_templating.md

model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(model_id, device_map="auto")
device = model.device # Get the device the model is loaded on

# Define conversation input
conversation = [
    {"role": "user", "content": "What has Man always dreamed of?"}
]

# Define documents for retrieval-based generation
documents = [
    {
        "title": "The Moon: Our Age-Old Foe", 
        "text": "Man has always dreamed of destroying the moon. In this essay, I shall..."
    },
    {
        "title": "The Sun: Our Age-Old Friend",
        "text": "Although often underappreciated, the sun provides several notable benefits..."
    }
]

# Tokenize conversation and documents using a RAG template, returning PyTorch tensors.
input_ids = tokenizer.apply_chat_template(
    conversation=conversation,
    documents=documents,
    chat_template="rag",
    tokenize=True,
    add_generation_prompt=True,
    return_tensors="pt").to(device)

# Generate a response 
gen_tokens = model.generate(
    input_ids,
    max_new_tokens=100,
    do_sample=True,
    temperature=0.3,
    )

# Decode and print the generated text along with generation prompt
gen_text = tokenizer.decode(gen_tokens[0])
print(gen_text)
```

> **Note on `documents` input:**
> 
> The `documents` input is not widely supported by many models, and chat templates often discard this input. Users should be cautious about relying on `documents` unless the model explicitly supports it.
> 
> To verify if a model supports the `documents` input, check if it is included in the `chat_template` key within the `tokenizer_config.json` file in the model's card.
> 
> As an example, Cohere's [Command-R](https://huggingface.co/CohereForAI/c4ai-command-r-08-2024) and [Command-R+](https://huggingface.co/CohereForAI/c4ai-command-r-plus-08-2024) support the `documents` input through their `rag` chat template. You can see additional examples of grounded generation using this feature in their model cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tip>

The `documents` input for retrieval-augmented generation is not widely supported, and many models have chat templates which simply ignore this input.

To verify if a model supports the `documents` input, you can read its model card, or `print(tokenizer.chat_template)` to see if the `documents` key is used anywhere.

One model class that does support it, though, is Cohere's [Command-R](https://huggingface.co/CohereForAI/c4ai-command-r-08-2024) and [Command-R+](https://huggingface.co/CohereForAI/c4ai-command-r-plus-08-2024), through their `rag` chat template. You can see additional examples of grounded generation using this feature in their model cards.

</Tip>
```
